## Description

An app that allows communities to share monetary resources based on how much income they have and need. This idea is based off a SuSu or Tanda method of loan circles popular in some Black and Brown communities (here and abroad).

## User Story

JOJO wants to join **** and goes to the homepage and then clicks to a new user form. 

New user JOJO clicks to the form to fill out an application. The form/application includes: 
- A modal that includes relevant information to the group
- User information is stored in a MongoDB Database
- User is authenticated and allowed to log in

JOJO sees a network he wants to join. He asks for permission to join.
- Relationship between users that the database determines
- User is authenticated and allowed to join the network

On the network page, there is a link to an income sharing calculator. The link to the income sharing calculator brings you to a page where you enter the following financial information into a form:
- Your income earned last month 
- Expenses from last month
- Preferred shared rate

This information goes through an algorithm that puts out a number that JOJO can then agree to donate into the group's pot. They have to electronically agree to this number. JOJO is then able to see the percentage other network participants will be donating into the pot.
- Algorithm is triggered after the last person enters the network (5 people)
- Algorithm spits out a percentage rate for each person to donate out of their monthly income.

The next month, JOJO's financial situation has changed. He has to update his information. He has also changed his email address and moved to a new residential address:
- User can delete, edit, and update his financial information
- User can delete, edit and update his user information

## Context 
YOU WILL LEARN SO MUCH DOING THIS PROJECT!
One, lots of folks do this already --- wouldn't it be awesome to help communities trade resources more efficiently????

You will learn:
- How to design a relational database
- How to build your own API and connect it to a really modern/superfriendly/awesome UI
- How to do oAUTH 
- How to write a basic algorithm (for the money sharing calculator)
- How to Create Read Update Delete in your OWNNN API!!!


APP will be able to:
1. SIGN IN / AUTHENTICATION
2. JOIN A NETWORK
3. FIGURE OUT HOW MUCH YOU CAN SHARE
4. MOBILE FIRST

DATABASE:
1. USER INFO / INCOME SHARING INFO
2. NETWORK INFO & RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN USERS

CRUD:
1. USER WILL BE ABLE TO CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE - user info and income sharing information, network information.

## Minimum Required Specifications

- [ ] Mobile responsive 
- [ ] Write Bootstrap Theme  
- [ ] Money sharing calculator 
- [ ] 
- [ ] Must be able to do user authentication – Log In/Log Out/Sign Up
- [ ] User must be able to change financial information shared with application (bills, expenses, income, etc.)
- [ ] Network info must be able to update based on user info (specifically should be able to show how many users are in the network)
- [ ] Must use an algorithm to figure out how much each persyn in the network must share 

## Extra Specs 

- [ ] Have tests

 

##Required

Do not remove these specs - they are required for all goals.

- [ ] The artifact produced is properly licensed, preferably with the MIT license.
 
##Personas:

Sam makes extra money and wants help saving while loaning money to his friends.

Eli needs money for dental work and needs a loan but cannot get approved by the bank.

JOJO wants to save money for a trip with a group of friends. 

##User Story 1:
JOJO goes to the homepage which has info about susus and clicks "Create Susu".
A name is autogenerated for the new susu.
JOJO has to enter emails of their four friends.
JOJO can create a custom invitation with personal statement that talks about why they are setting up the susu.
Friends get emails with susu invitation.
Susu will become active when all invited people accept the invitation.
In order to accept the invitation, member needs to enter in financial information.
When all the invitations are accepted, the Susu is activated and members are notified via email.
JOJO and four members make daily deposits of $5 for 6months. The total after 6 months is $4500.
After six months, each member requests a loan for 1/5th of the pool.
Loan request is auto-approved and each individual member gets $900.
JOJO closes the susu because there is no more money and they are done with the susu. 

##User Story 2:

Eli needs $2,000 for dental surgery.
Eli goes to the homepage which has info about susus and clicks "Create Susu".
A name is autogenerated for the new susu.
Eli has to enter emails of their four friends. 
Eli can create a custom invitation with personal statement that talks about why they are setting up the susu.
Friends get emails with susu invitation. 
------------
Sam (Eli's friend) gets an invitation in their email to the susu. 
When Sam clicks the link, they are taken to a page that shows who else was invited to the susu and whether those individuals have accepted or not. 
Sam clicks "join the susu" and is prompted to create an account. Sam enters their account information including checking account information. 
Sam is then directed back to the susu page and asked to specify a dollar deposit amount (optional calculator) then clicks accept.
Sam is then directed to a page that tells them that they will be notified once everyone in the susu has accepted the invitation. (Eli receives an email everytime someone accepts the invitation to the susu.) 
-------------
Susu activates when all invited people accept the invitation.
Everyone in the susu receives an email notifying them that the susu is active.
Eli and the four members make daily deposits of $5 for 3months. The susu has a total of $2250.
Eli makes a loan request for $2000.
Each member (except for Eli) gets an email notifying them that they have a pending loan request for x susu. There is a link on the email to login to the susu. 
Each member approves Eli's loan and then Eli gets an email notifying them that $GG will be transferred into their checking account. 















